User Notes Documentation (#161)
PyDrocsid/cogs: moderation/user_notes/documentation.md

# UserNotes

This cog contains a system for user notes.

## `add`

The `.un add` add a note for a specific user.

```css

> .?.user_notes [add|a|+] <member> <content>

Reviewer: Please remove `.?`

# UserNotes

This cog contains a system for user notes.

> 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion

# user_notes

The `.user_notes` command contains subcommands to manage user notes.

```css
.[user_notes|un] [subcommand]
```

````

> ## `add`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `add`
```

> The `.user_notes add` add a note for a specific user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.user_notes add` command adds a note for a specific user.
```

> The `.user_notes add` command adds a note for a specific user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `add` subcommand is used to add a note to a specific user.
```

```css
.user_notes [add|a|+] <member> <content>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member.| |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member| |
```

> |`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member| |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member|
```

|`note`|:heavy_check_mark:|The note you want to add|

> Required Permissions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Required permissions:
```

> Required permissions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required Permissions:
```

- `user_notes.read`
- `user_notes.write`

> ## `remove`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `remove`
```

> The `.user_notes remove` command remove the user note by note id.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.user_notes remove` command removes the user note by note id.
```

> The `.user_notes remove` command removes the user note by note id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `remove` subcommand removes a user note by note id.
```

```css
.user_notes [remove|r|delete|d|-] <note_id>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`note_id`|:heavy_check_mark:|A note id. You can see|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`note_id`|:heavy_check_mark:|A note id you can see|
```

> |`note_id`|:heavy_check_mark:|A note id You can see|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`note_id`|:heavy_check_mark:|A note id|
```

> Required Permissions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Required permissions:
```

> Required permissions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required Permissions:
```

- `user_notes.read`
- `user_notes.write`

> ## `show`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `show`
```

> The `.user_notes show` command shows all notes of a member.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.user_notes show` command shows all notes belonging to a member.
```

> The `.user_notes show` command shows all notes belonging to a member.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `show` subcommand shows all notes for a member.
```

```css
.user_notes [show|s|list|l] <member>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`member`|:heavy_check_mark:|A member|
```

> Required Permissions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Required permissions:
```

> Required permissions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required Permissions:
```

> # user_notes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# UserNoteCog

This cog provides the `.user_notes` command to manage user notes.

## user_notes
```

> # UserNoteCog

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# User Notes
```

This cog provides the `.user_notes` command to manage user notes.

## user_notes

The `.user_notes` command contains subcommands to manage user notes.

```css
.[user_notes|un] [subcommand]
```

> 

Reviewer 4: Add required permissions (`user_notes.read`)

# User Notes

> This cog provides the `.user_notes` command to manage user notes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contains the `.user_notes` command to manage user notes.
```

## `user_notes`

> The `.user_notes` command contains subcommands to manage user notes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contains subcommands to manage user notes.
```

```css
.[user_notes|un]
```

Required Permissions:

- `user_notes.read`

### `show`

> The `show` subcommand shows all notes of a specific user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shows all notes for a specific user.
```

```css
.user_notes [show|s|list|l] <member>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:

```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Argument | Required           | Description |
```

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|:--------:|:------------------:|:------------|
```

> |`member`|:fontawesome-solid-check:|A member|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `member` | :heavy_check_mark: | A member |
```
Is it actually a member or a user?

Required Permissions:

- `user_notes.read`

### `add`

> The `add` subcommand is used to add a note to a specific user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds a note to a specific user.
```

```css
.user_notes [add|a|+] <member> <content>
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Argument  | Required           | Description     |
```

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|:---------:|:------------------:|:----------------|
```

> |`member`|:fontawesome-solid-check:|A member|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `member`  | :heavy_check_mark: | A member        |
```
Is it actually a member or a user?

> |`content`|:fontawesome-solid-check:|The note you want to add|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `content` | :heavy_check_mark: | The note to add |
```

Required Permissions:

- `user_notes.read`
- `user_notes.write`

### `remove`

> The `remove` subcommand removes a user note by note id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removes a user note by note id.
```

```css
.user_notes [remove|r|delete|d|-] <note_id>
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Argument  | Required           | Description |
```

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|:---------:|:------------------:|:------------|
```

> |`note_id`|:fontawesome-solid-check:|A note id|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `note_id` | :heavy_check_mark: | A note id   |
```
